Links to meet WCAG 2.1 (#3044)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/styles/typography/index.md

{{ example({group: "styles", item: "typography", example: "link-no-underline", html: true, open: true}) }}

### Links to change a language

> Ensure that links that allow a user to change a language are understandable even when out of context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure links that allow a user to change a language are understandable even when out of context.
```

Reviewer: OR
When you include a link that allows a user to change languages, make sure its function is always clear, even when taken out of context.

Reviewer 2: How about something with more detail?
```suggestion
Links can be used to allow a user to access the current content in a different language.

When offering links to content in other languages, make sure:
- the link's content includes the language name in both English and the source language
- the link's purpose is always clear, even when taken out of context
- the link element includes an [hreflang attribute](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_a_hreflang.asp) that identifies the language of the linked page.
```

{{ example({group: "styles", item: "typography", example: "link-no-underline", html: true, open: true}) }}

### Links to change a language

Links can be used to allow a user to access the current content in a different language.

When offering links to content in other languages, make sure:

> - the link's content includes the language name in both English and the source language

Reviewer 3: I think we may also want to specify that the name of the source language warrants a `lang` attribute of its own, as it is itself in a different language. 
 
That does make me wonder if this is getting so in-the-weeds that a coded example might make it easier to understand the bullets? For example: 

```html
You can also use <a href="..." hreflang="fr">the tax filing service in French (<span lang="fr">français</span>)</a>.
```

Author: I like this idea, maybe we could do that to the written example later on

Reviewer 2: I was thinking this might be more of a stopgap before we make a language link component. There are a bunch of those types of considerations, for sure.

This added content doesn't even give a specific example of the text to put in the link / paragraph at the moment (unless @CharlotteDowns is referring to a coded example we're planning to add which would include that suggested language?)

Reviewer 3: In my mind this is very much a stopgap until we have more in-depth guidance, and potentially a new pattern or component.

My previous work on localisation revealed a whole mess of different language switcher interfaces currently in use. This guidance update only really covers the 'indent text' styled version, which is one of the more common ones. It's still an update worth having, but it definitely doesn't cover all of the existing bases. 

![A collage of screenshots showing language switchers from various GOV.UK pages and services, including inline and stacked lists of languages, toggle switches, and permanent links in the header or footer; some include the language name in English whilst others don't.](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system/assets/1253214/1ed99014-90ba-434c-8417-36c7945d77b5)

> - the link's content includes the language name in both English and the source language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the link's text includes the name of the alternative language in both English and the source language
```

Reviewer: this is a bit if an experiment to see if this is clearer

- the link's purpose is always clear, even when taken out of context

> - the link element includes an [hreflang attribute](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_a_hreflang.asp) that identifies the language of the linked page.

Reviewer 2: Based on the preview, this is how it displays:
https://deploy-preview-3044--govuk-design-system-preview.netlify.app/styles/typography/#links-to-change-a-language
<img width="753" alt="screenshot of the draft 'Links to change a language' content, showing a code snippet element inside a link" src="https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system/assets/98318778/bfab7102-b4fa-4afc-88a5-6cd41a1f81ae">

> - the link element includes an [hreflang attribute](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_a_hreflang.asp) that identifies the language of the linked page.

Reviewer: I haven't seen anything that says not to do this. Have to admit it looks a bit odd with a just 1 word and 1 snippet. May be if the link was extended over more of the sentence?

> - the link element includes an [hreflang attribute](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_a_hreflang.asp) that identifies the language of the linked page.

Author: @claireashworth @davidc-gds if I linked [hreflang attribute that identifies the language of the linked page] would that be better?

> - the link element includes an [hreflang attribute](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_a_hreflang.asp) that identifies the language of the linked page.

Reviewer 2: @CharlotteDowns I don't think there's anything inherently wrong with adding all that text to the link, if that's better for other things. The current link text of 'hreflang attribute' is technically enough to describe the link purpose though, without being verbose.
So, it's up to preference.

> - the link element includes an [hreflang attribute](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_a_hreflang.asp) that identifies the language of the linked page.

Author: I shall leave it as is then :)

> - the link element includes an [`hreflang attribute`](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_a_hreflang.asp) that identifies the language of the linked page.

Reviewer 3: Only backtick the attribute name. 

```suggestion
- the link element includes an [`hreflang` attribute](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_a_hreflang.asp) that identifies the language of the linked page.
```
